Because This Is My First Life
Lee Min Ki
Jeong So Min
- Lee Som
- Park Byeong Eun
Kim Ga Eun
Kim Min Seok
Because This Is My First Life
Ji Ho, where are you? I'm out in front of the house.
Ack.
Timing and Subtitles Brought to You by the Scrimp & Scrape Team @ Viki!
Hi.
Oh. Hi.
You live here? In this neighborhood?
Yup.
What about you? What are you doing here?
I . . .  I was just passing through this area.
I see.
Should I give you my business card?
Huh?
Oh. Okay.
Let's have a cup of tea later on then.
I'm a bit out of it right now.
Alright. Let's do that.
♫ The road I go alone ♫
Writer, are you alright? Did you get to go the restroom okay?
Yes. What about you, CEO? Are you feeling okay?
Oh.
I think I'm all sobered up.
I had fun today, CEO. I'll be going now.
I'll take you to your home.
It's right up in the front and I'd like to walk a bit to sober up too.
Oh. Your husband would be coming out to meet you.
I was dense.
Then, bye now.
MY Entertainment, Go Jeong Min
♫ I could dream ♫
♫ Because I had you ♫
♫ Because it didn't disappear ♫
Hello?
Ji Ho. Where are you?
I'm here.
What?
♫ Next to that cloud ♫
♫ The starlight that sparkle  ♫
Why weren't you answering
your phone?
I didn't have a chance.
I'm sorry. I was going to call you.
♫ I want to believe it ♫
Let's go in.
♫ Because you are here ♫
♫ This road I'm walking on again ♫
♫ Those footsteps  ♫
♫ To your side  ♫
♫ Pulling me  ♫
♫ this love  ♫
The liquor went in so smoothly today. I think since it was the first time I drank in a while.
I see.
Did you drink together?  The Production Company . . .
Yes.
CEO is good drinker too.
Oh, don't drink cold water. Drink this instead or you'll get heartburn tomorrow.
Keep this by your bed and sleep.
You might wake up in the middle of the night from the alcohol.
It's warm.
Thank you.
Good night.
Sleep well.
Ji Ho.
Yes?
Again today . . .
should we sleep together?
Oh.
No. Not today.
Oh. Yes.
I'm sorry.
No. It's not that.
I'm just a bit tired today.
On those days, I snore even more.
I understand.
I'll make more tea, so have more if you need.
Yes.
But I'm not going to get married.
I did it once. Getting married.
In this life, this house, Kitty and myself. These three are what I can handle.
We dated and we got pregnant.
Since marriage isn't just about the two people.
It's a system where the surrounding understanding is more important.
When we lost the baby,
we broke up, and his family also opposed to me as well.
As for me, in my life
I would just like nothing to happen.
MY Entertainment, Go Jeong Min
I met a CEO of some drama production company.
She wasn't someone common, that CEO.
She's strong but how should I say this?
That sturdiness isn't to break her surrounding,
but to embrace it, it seemed.
Someone like a tree, maybe?
♫ Just stay still like this quietly  ♫
♫ Like we are together by coincidence ♫
Hello?
It's me.
Yes.
I know.
It's late.
I'm sorry, but I have something to tell you.
Yes.
You starting to write again . . .
Congratulations.
This person is agonizing over it.
For starting again.
He's afraid.
It's really
a relief.
He's anxious.
Thank you.
Sleep well, Ji Ho.
Yes.
You too, Se Hee.
Epiisode 14
Because It's My First Time with Confession
Trim like usual, right?
No.
You're here.
Sorry to call you suddenly when you're busy.
What's there for the CEO to be busy about? It's the employees who are busy.
Wow. Ho Rang, you got a cut.
Oh. Yes.
Recharge my mood.
It's very suiting.
About Won Seok.
He's sincere, right?
Please tell me. I also need a final
closure too.
But I had no one else to ask but you.
He's sincere, right? Won Seok.
For now,
yes, I think so.
Then . . .
Even if tried to hold onto him,
he wouldn't return to me, right?
Hmm.
Won Seok
thinks he's making you miserable, I think.
So he seems to have made the decision he must let you go.
It's not that he wants to let go?
Though I don't really know it well.
When you think that the person you love is always having a hard time
then it seems like the person hates himself.
It's pathetic too.
Yes.
It's just... this is until where we are.
CEO!
Oh! Deputy Shin.
Did you drop by on the way to the office?
Yes, I've got a meeting for the third and fourth quarter financial analysis.
Aren't you going to introduce me?
Perhaps... CEO...
Ahhh, no. She's my closest younger brother's grilfriend, not.
She's my girlfriend's bestfriend.
Ms. Yang Ho Rang.
Ahhh.. So she's your girlfriend's bestfriend.
Hello.
I'm in charge of CEO Ma's company's finance. Shin Young Hyo.
Ah, yes.
I don't have a name card.
I will be going ahead, CEO.
Ah, right. Ms. Ho Rang.
I will call you. Take care.
Yes.
I heard from CEO Ma that you are headed to Silimdong.
I will give you a ride. The bus in this neighborhood comes really late.
No, it's okay. You don't have to.
I'm not a bad person. I have known CEO Ma for a long time.
You must live there?
No. Just...
I just need to get my things.
I see.
But then, Ms. Ho Rang, do you really not know who I am?
Pardon?
I want to get married.
Huh?
Gyeolmalrae! We chatted on it! After you accepted my 'like'.
Ahhh.
Honestly, I was really startled earlier.
I recognized you at first glance.
Yes.
After I installed that app, the first person I talked to was you.
But you haven't replied since then.
So I thought I was rejected.
That...
that time, I too just registered for the first time so I just replied without any thoughts.
Since it was CEO Ma's app.
Pardon?
- What's this?
Are you acknowledging the startling part?
For real, an irrefutable part?
Thank you for giving me a ride. Take care.
Yes--
Take care.
Love forever. Seok. Rang.
Honey, Hon, Hon.
100th day.
Our happy home.
What you said was right.
Now, I... will be honest to my heart.
♫ Forgotten it all ♫
♫ The past, written in fading  ♫
Why are you here? You didn't go?
No, since you said you were here to get your things and I thought maybe it would be heavy.
And I noticed you weren't in a good condition since earlier.
Pardon?
Give it to me. I will give you a ride.
No.
I would be too burdened if you do this.
At a glance it's obvious that you are about to get sick.
You've got a body flu, acknowledge to the left, acknowledge to the right, acknowledge to the front?
Pardon?
No, your face shows that you're in the nick of collapsing.
How could I pretend not to notice and just go?
Give it to me, Ms. Ho Rang.
Then, should I?
♫ Though I endure a day like today  ♫
♫ Living through each day that keeps coming back  ♫
♫ Like a fool repeating these things ♫
♫ And I stand alone on one side again  ♫
♫ Just in case somehow tomorrow might be different  ♫
♫ I cannot even move one step  ♫
The lawsuit, we will proceed with it as we talked about.
In the process of investigation, you would have to personally be investigated.
Are you alright with that?
Yes.
I already know that.
Thankfully, you have the call and text records with that director
so it will help.
Just that, once their side starts playing with the media,
It will be noisy.
Especially since it's in the broadcast field to start.
Yes. Once it starts I should prepare myself.
Okay. Then we will proceed as is.
And also,
this is the contract.
There's no need for you to sign right away.
You can take it and look through it
and if you want any adjustments to be made you can just tell me.
But then...
the amount is...
Is more negotiation needed?
Ah, it's less than the amount you expected.
No.
I think it's too much.
Writer, you can't be like that.
Pardon?
Even if you are surprised, you should go out and be surprised on your own.
We are doing a contract, so how could you show what you feel in front of a contractor?
CEO, you are not a contractor though.
It's not a lot.
Our company's standard, that is the starting for newbie writers.
Honestly, our company doesn't sign contracts with writers that much.
But if we do, we do it the right way.
If we think it's a person we will be working for a long time with.
CEO...
Yes?
Today...
should we eat?
Sure.
[Remember]
[Article] Rather than a lot of projects, good projects are more important.
"My dream was to become a writer at first."
[Aren't you greedy for money?]
[What is that? 'In this world working for money is the most easiest thing.
[Goo Jeong Min]
Writer, did you cure your hangover this morning?
I drank warm honey water before sleeping
and it was okay.
Ahhh... did you husband prepare it for you?
Yes.
My husband...
prepared it for me.
Before we sign a contract, I have something I am curious about.
Yes, Writer?
About the person you told be before.
The one you almost married.
Yes.
If you were to meet him again,
how do you think it would be?
Even if you meet him again,
do you think you will love him still?
This...
is this question related to the contract?
Yes.
It is an important question that is related to the contract.
Honestly, I met him.
That friend.
The day when we went to your neighborhood
that day...
by coincidence.
That's why right now, your question is a bit...
all the more
strange, I feel.
That day too.
He came to get me.
Se Hee did.
The way I see it, you have never faced the world properly.
Using the company as an excuse and your mom as your shield.
You just took refuge in the world.
For once, grab and stand properly in front of the world
face it head on.
That's what I think.
And when you start, I will be by your side to hang in there with you.
Okay. Work hard.
That... Chief Park.
Would you want to smoke a cigarette with me?
Right now?
Yes.
No. I'm okay.
What do you want to say?
It was 2015 when I came to this team
and it's been three years that we are like this.
If you calculate it by work days it would be 800 days.
If you calculate it by time it's 7,200 hours.
Is that so?
But then, in that long time
it was very horrible.
Horrible?
- Yes.
If it was a day where we would have a company dinner I would be pondering how should I smile.
And if it's after my vacation, you would probably ask where I went with my boyfriend.
Then what would I give as an answer?
When I don't feel good, in case you would tell me it's that day,
so I couldn't even act as if I was sick.
If I think about you all that comes out is just horrible and painful memories.
But you are still a colleague that I worked with for 7,200 hours
isn't that so sad?
Well... so what do you want to say?
About all the hurt that I have received all this time
I would want you to apologize.
What?
I need to receive an apology.
From you.
In a place where all the people from our team is present, apologize officially.
Apologize?
I really... want to end this horrible connection with you.
Today, I gathered all my sincerity to talk to you, so
you should show your sincerity too.
Then, I will be waiting.
Soo Ji, why? Did something happen?
No.
It's nice to see you.
Why are you so cute?
What you said was right.
I just avoided it and cursed.
I have never conversed with Chief Park while looking at each other.
He is someone's son and a family's head of household though.
My Soo Ji is really cool.
This punk! Come here!
What's wrong with you?
Is this not it?
No.
So it's not.
Go Jeong Min?
[Go Jeong Min]
Jeong Min?
How in the world... could you meet like this?
Sister-in-law... no...
Does Ms. Ji Ho know?
Well, how could she know.
This unbelievable situation.
So are they working together?
Probably.
Shouldn't you be the first one to talk about it?
It's not even a work where you could bump into each other once in a while
but if it's a production CEO and writer then they would have a lot of times to see each other.
What...
should I say?
From where to where should I say?
That she was someone I dated long ago.
Whatever I say, she would get hurt.
Because she is a transparent person.
I don't want that.
I didn't mean Ms. Ji Ho though.
I was talking about Jeong Min.
I was going to ask how you are going to explain Ji Ho to Jeong Min.
You... it wasn't that you couldn't forget Jeong Min?
Isn't that why you
married with a contract?
Anyway, Ms. Ji Ho
would just be associated to you by contract
so to you... wasn't she just a tenant?
So you weren't worried about Jeong Min.
♫ Let me briefly borrow your warm shoulder ♫
♫ please be a shelter for my tired soul ♫
Perhaps, as we live at least once
I thought we would be able to meet
I even practiced.
How are you?
It's been a long time.
However, the moment I saw you
what I was worried about
was only one person.
what on earth
when did it start?
The only thing that's left in my life is now
is what I thought.
I thought it would be enough to disappear quietly by myself.
That's what I though.
♫ please be a shelter for my tired soul ♫
♫ Let me briefly leave my wounded heart in your care ♫
To decide for another's life
I didn't want to do it again.
♫ all you have to do is to give it a quick glance as you pass by ♫
Causing a person to cry... I thought there would be no cases like that...
I thought.
Here he comes. Unit 402!
What about Se Hee-nim?
Ahhh, he left work ahead.
Are you thinking of throwing out the company's program just because of your ex-girlfriend?
Just after 2 weeks of employment?
Pardon?
Ahhh... I'm sorry.
No.
But how did you know?
How could I not know? It's written all over your face.
My face?
As you date you could also break up.
Why are you making it so obvious?
It's not like it's your first time dating.
I only dated once though.
Ahhh... Is that so?
Then,
it must have been your first?
What? What is first?
What is what? I mean brokenhearted.
You worked hard. Goodbye.
Ms. Ho Rang, you seem to be very busy.
Did you go home safely that day?
If you are not busy, how about dinner tonight?
Ms. Ho Rang!
I'm not late, right? The moment you replied I started the engine.
Yes.
You must be hungry. What would you like to eat?
Never mind food, how about a simple beer?
Beer?
That's also a part where I agree a lot.
Let's go.
Cheers.
Wow. You must've been very thirsty...
Did you go home safely that day?
I had a boyfriend for 7 years.
However, recently we broke up.
To be honest, the day you took me back
was to the house that we shared up until now.
Ah..
However...
How could you not have that much belongings?
What?
It's understandable.
Even if you date for a long time, when you break up, there isn't really much stuff to get rid of.
Ah, I also dated my girlfriend for seven years.
However,
why did you two break up?
We just fought a lot because of the topic of marriage.
Plus, dating and marriage are very different.
So how are you planning to overcome this situation?
What?
Your break up. Have you came up with a plan on how to overcome it?
Well, I don't really have one as of now...
Well, time is medicine.
How can time be medicine?
Time is just merely time.
You can't get fooled by these type of things, Ho Rang.
You see for a person, when they really want something, they have to say in order for it to happen.
So every morning and night, I would say my wishes out loud looking at my reflection in the mirror.
What did you say?
"I can forget her. I can overcome this break up."
Please don't say those type of four words idioms in front of me. I'm not that smart, so I don't understand that.
Ah...those aren't four word idioms. These are abbreviations that a teenager uses.
What?
No...why do you say those type of things?
It makes me feel better.
It also makes me feel younger.
Uhm...I've been here before.
Director Gye Yong Seok
Some man told me this was for Unit 400 and left it here.
Okay...
Since you told me not to call you, I'm leaving this here.
I'm sorry.
Yes.
I know
that you came before.
I see...
I didn't know she got married.
I'm sorry.
I just had a lot of drinks, so I don't really remember...
I'm being serious. Please believe me.
I will pay you back with as much settlement money you want...
So you see...could you please take the complaint back?
I also need to work on this new project.
What?
I had a dream about me walking on /i>
an unending tunnel.
I...you see...
I thought you knew about it...
I think this is something you need to talk to her about.
Then, sorry for bothering you.
I'll talk to her.
Sit down.
Talk to me.
Properly and everything.
Thank you
for telling me something that's hard to share with anyone.
I also have something I'm curious about.
and if my answer was yes,
how would you react to that?
If that did happened,
I would probably ended up being your enemy.
Then were we supposed to be fighting?
Right here grabbing each other's hair?
I would probably have waited
for Se Hee's heart.
You would've waited...
Why? Is it because it's a contract marriage?
Even if it was a real marriage,
I would've done the same thing.
Being a married couple doesn't mean
you have all of each other's heart.
Is that so?
However, honestly isn't that why you get married to each other?
Because it's almost an official document
that shows that you have each other's heart.
So even if you have a change of heart, the document makes it hard for them to leave.
I'm not quite sure.
Since this is my first time getting married
and experiencing love.
So there's a lot of things I don't know,
but there's one thing I'm sure of.
Having someone's heart isn't some game.
It just comes to you.
Please keep it a secret that I know about this now.
Be well.
Go back and act like nothing ever happened
Instead, don't ever love anyone.
You have no rights to.
I know, right?
Having someone's heart isn't some kind of game.
She already knew that...
I'm envy of you, Writer.
Your phone call was long.
Ah, yeah. It was the lawyer.
There was a problem with Writer Yoon's lawsuit with that guy.
What?
What happened?
About that...
That guy must've came to find her to try to settle it,
but he got punched badly.
By who?
Writer Yoon's husband.
What?!
He...
hit a person?
Hey, should we all have a drink? Take out your drink.
You should take the lead, Deputy Park.
Alright!
I love you. You know that, right?
Ah, that's right, the apology.
I'm sorry, Deputy Woo.
All together now. Team Leader,
- I love you!
Did something happened between you two?
No. Nothing happened. Drink.
Okay, I'm leaving first.
- Have a goodnight, CEO.
- Goodbye.
- See you!
How about we have a round 2, Deputy.
Deal!
Let's have some beef sashimi and afterward karaoke, deal?
Karaoke, deal!
I'm going to stop by the office really quick.
Wait for me!
- Okay!
- We'll wait for you there!
Yes, honey?
Language was made to be able to understand others, right?
That's right.
If words don't work for someone, they aren't human.
Of course. If words don't work, then they aren't human.
Either they are an animal, insect, or water flea. But why are you asking all of a sudden?
Were you sincere when you said you'll stay by my side once I start?
Of course, I was sincere.
- Take your turn.
- Hurry and roll the dice, CEO.
CEO..
I love you.
Hello? Hello, honey?
What was that?
- It's your turn, CEO.
- Hurry up.
Is that Seoul?
No way...
No, no, no, no!
What do you mean no? You have to buy Seoul now, CEO.
That coward..seriously...
Deputy Woo should be shown full shot.
B? B? No, no no.
A full A. Full A.
If only I wasn't married
together with Deputy Woo... Huh?
Oh? Deputy Woo, why did you come?
There's something I need to settle.
Is that so?
Jin Ho!
What?
Here it goes.
Tak, tak, tak. Pak. I'm buying Taipei.
I was going to buy that though.
They say that a place where the tiger (horangi) is not around the rabbit plays king.
What? Is this all Won Seok-nim's land?
Yeah.
Woah. We really raised a baby tiger (horangi).
That's why you should have bought it earlier.
You need to get in the tiger's (horangi) den in order to catch the baby tiger (horangi).
Let's stop this now.
Why? It's getting fun.
What's fun about it? We're not even kids. We just play this everyday.
Let's go have a drink. My treat!
Really?
Your treat?
Yes. I will treat everyone today. Let's go till the end today.
Then I will be going first.
No, Bo Mi-nim should come too.
No thanks, I have an appointment today.
At this time, what appointment?
Should I call it an appointment with myself?
Have fun. I will be going first.
Ah! Today is Friday, right? Bo Mi-nim must be going to Itaewon again.
Itaewon?
There's a famous figure shop there.
Ah. It does suit her well.
Ah! Since you mention Itaewon, should we go to a club just us guys?
C-club?
Yeah. Club. What's the point of leaving our perfectly fine bodies?
We should play hard while we're single, isn't it so?
Oh, it seems like you go to clubs a lot.
I haven't gone even once.
I think my ears are going to bleed.
- I didn't know it would be like this either.
Ah! I think my eyes are going to bleed.
Let's not stay here, let's go down there and have fun!
No.
You should go ahead.
Then i will play downstairs so follow me later.
Yes. Yes.
Then I will be going down.
Yes.
Yang Ho Rang, I will forget you. Yang Ho Rang, I will forget you!
I will forget you!
Him? What's with him?
Oh! Bo Mi-nim!
Get down!
Hey, I'm so scared.
Then do you want to go to the internet cafe? Let's go!
No...
You said you had an appointment!
On the stage, you talk with your body and not with your mouth.
Body?
Mr. Se Hee
Can you do me two favors?
Ji Ho, later on
when she says she wants to write
can you allow her to do so?
Even if it's later on, so that she can be able to write
so she doesn't give up on her dreams.
So that she doesn't live like her mom.
Please do that.
Hello.
Excuse me.
Perhaps, do you have this book?
Ah, the one that was here got sold today.
Ah. Thank you.
Yes.
Hello, Father.
A bit...
you hit him a lot.
Will it affect?
Ji Ho.
I think it will be okay.
Just in time, I just met the CEO from that side.
We know each other so he won't make things big.
Okay. Thanks.
That...
me being Ji Ho's husband
does that
mean anything to you?
And on Ji Ho's writing?
Is that why you came to find me?
Because of an old love
I might ruin Writer's work?
Or I will?
Yeah.
When I got married, there's a favor that Ji Ho's mother asked of me.
When Ji Ho would want to write again
she asked that I allow her to write again.
So that she doesn't give up on her dreams
she asked me to make her do so.
But honestly, I don't know what to do really.
I just promised that I won't be a hindrance.
But then...
you also know.
The method for Ji Ho not to give up on her dream.
So that is why you came to see me.
To an old lover who you met after 12 years
the words that you say...
It's a bit... despicable.
I'm sorry.
But then... there was nothing that I could do.
Why she decided to stop writing
I only got to know today.
The only thing that I could do was fligh a punch.
I heard this was a good production company.
Jeong Min...
Not as my wife,
but look at her as a writer
I ask that of you.
Words are born from a person's mouth
and dies in a person's ear.
But some words, don't die
and go in a person's heart
and stay.
The words that stayed in my heart for 12 years
at some point
could it have disappeared?
I tried so hard
those were the words
that did not get erased.
I have something to ask too.
You...
have you confessed to her?
What?
Confession.
"I like you" or
well...
A confession similar to that, have you tried?
No. I just... thought do I have to use words...
So you haven't.
Do you know what?
To me, you also
never once did.
Confess.
I will be going.
Okay.
Words, too...
have to get to a person's heart in order to live on.
You have to get it out of your mouth so that it could go to a person's heart.
It was not a coincidence.
So now . . .
drawing a line on purpose.
please don't.
It was due to those words.
It's no one's fault is what I think.
Among them, some just flow by.
While others break apart.
It's just how it is.
That person's warm words pile up and pile up more.
You too, Se Hee.
You shouldn't worry too much either.
Just because you've lived yesterday,
it doesn't mean you know
all about today.
In my dead heart's stead.
She let it live on.
Woori (we/us).
Are you still doing that part-time job?
Oh, yes.
But I think I might quit soon.
Good. Good thinking.
Yes.
After I quit, I think I will start writing again.
By writing, you mean, what?
That drama?
Yes.
Didn't you say you quit that? To focus on homemaking?
Yes, but
a good opportunity came to me somehow.
So I thought I might try to start again.
What about kids then?
What?
When are you going to have a baby then?
Oh.
I haven't really . . .
You should think about having babies. Even though work is important too.
You're still young but Se Hee's got some age.
Use that to pay off the loan and later on, when you've had a baby, you can use it to supplement the living costs.
What?
I promised I would do this once he got married.
Oh.
I don't think it's something for me to take.
Then who should take it?
Oh. Of course, you should give it to Se Hee directly.
What would he and I meet and talk about?
He wouldn't take it anyway if I gave it to him, so it's right for you to take it.
The wife doing this stuff well in between is important too.
Let's go now.
Wait, Father-in-law.
I have something to say to you.
It's cold, so careful going back.
Where are you? Why aren't you coming?
Oh, I'll be back in a bit.
What time is it! Hurry and come home!
Hey, am I a kid? Don't go over, triple, tuna board!
See you later!
Over, triple?
What tuna?
At least it's good that she seems to be in a good mood.
Tada.
Soo Ji. You know the movie, "The Graduate," right?
Of course. It's your favorite movie.
I saw that over ten times.
I saw it for the first time when I was first year in high school.
When Benjamin barged into Elaine's wedding
and grabbed her hand to come out. I fell for that scene.
How should I say it?
To my seventeen-year-old's eyes, that seemed so romantic.
That's a famous scene. Lots of parodies were made on it.
But . . .
After I was over 20, I saw it again, and I noticed something different.
What?
The two's expressions afterwards.
After the fled excitedly from the wedding, the rode the bux.
But strangely the two have no words to say.
Feeling anxious and empty.
I didn't know when was young.
But I started to notice that scene from I don't know when.
Why?
You see that scene, between you and your landlord?
It's hard?
Yea.
Yup.
Now?
Alright.
It's so cold.
Hurry and go on.
Nah. Why?
Hurry and go. CEO Ma's waiting.
Then, call me after you've arrived. Okay?
What happened? Are you alright? What happened?
Did you do something to Deputy Park?
Your method didn't work so this time, I did it with my method.
Your method, what?
I shot him a punch.
What?
You did good. Good job!
Come here!
Hey!
Ack.
I only knew after love existed.
The reason our marriage was easy
was because there was no love.
I'll pay for half of your wedding attire cost.
No, it's alright. It's not that much anyway.
But you had to pay for wedding shoes and the bouquet, unlike me.
So I'll deduct them from next month's rent.
Marriage is supposed to be done out of love.
But why . . .
Then what about kids? When will you have a baby then?
After there is love,
why is it that the wounds just get bigger?
Have you ever confessed to her?
Do you know that words have to reach a person's heart in order to survive too?
They need to be spit out from the mouth in order to reach the heart.
Yea, I know that too. It's very awkward.
But more than I imagined,
it suits you.
Let's give it a
good try today.
You went to Soo Ji's?
Yes. I had a can of beer.
I see.
Today, were you able to sign the contract okay?
Yes. The CEO is really very nice.
I see.
That's a relief.
You seem tired.
A bit . . .  wore out, today.
Hey, Kitty! You came out to greet us?
I have something to tell you.
Yes. I also have something to tell you too.
Maybe this isn't very noticeable?
Timing and Subtitles Brought to You by the Scrimp & Scrape Team @ Viki!
- Now . . .
- We . . .
Oh.
You go first.
Yes. So . . .
Now, we . . .
No. You go first.
our contract.
I'd like to end it.
Words are always
later than
the heart.
♫ Though I endure a day like today  ♫
♫ Living through each day that keeps coming back ♫
♫ Repeating these foolish things ♫
♫ And I stand alone on one side again  ♫
♫ Just in case somehow tomorrow  ♫
The bigger the love, the bigger my disarray.
Isn't that Ho Rang?
This morning she looked like a duckling who got rained on.
Which sentence is less queasy for confessing?
Who else would CEO Ma's friend's friend's friend be?
It's me. Would you like to go on a date with me?
What exactly is marriage? Do you know it, Se Hee?
A marriage out of love would be happy, right?
Woori (us/we)